# Issue Report

- One of the ideas our group had for changes we could make to the documentation was to fix a plethora of the deadlinks we found in the documentation however while we were in the design phase of our project most but not all of these were patched. There was still the issue of the following link:
> Old link: https://oss-augur.readthedocs.io/en/main/schema/data-model.html
>
> New link: https://oss-augur.readthedocs.io/en/main/schema/overview.html

- Our team wanted to complete one of the segments of documentation that was labeled as "under construction" such as [Create A Metric](https://oss-augur.readthedocs.io/en/main/development-guide/create-a-metric/toc.html). However, after trying to understand the three sections that were listed as such, we were only able to understand the process for making a metric well enough to create documentation but not the other sections. This can be found under the header Create a Metric [here](https://github.com/NToepke/Group-4-Fork/blob/sprint4/Sprint%20Four%20Documents/Updated%20Design%20Documentation.md).

- Our group had originally had the idea of increasing the scope of our goal to write documentation for the installation process of Augur by also asking around for the various issues that other groups experienced whilst trying to download Augur. This was unfortunately not fully developed as we were unsuccessful with even the limited original scope of that goal, and we therefore only wrote down one of the issues that we encountered and later overcame. This can be found [here](https://github.com/NToepke/Group-4-Fork/blob/sprint4/Sprint%20Three%20Documents/CommonIssues.md).

- Our group's original goal and main point in choosing this particular angle to this project were to improve upon the installation documentation. This was inspired in part by our initial failure to install Augur in the first few weeks. After countless attempts to install and run an instance of Augur or group was never able to get a working instance of our own and therefore could not write documentation to make a more clear process for the installation process. Our group may have failed at our original goal, but we are hopeful that our work towards our other goals such as identifying and reviving deadlinks, establishing the concept of adding a 'Common Issues' page to the documentation, and the development of a page marked 'Under Construction' that we evaluated as particularly important as it was the documentation pertaining to the main function of the Augur system will prove useful to future development on this project.
